README.md, before:


[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@hcaptcha/react-native-hcaptcha)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@hcaptcha/react-native-hcaptcha)
[![ci](https://github.com/hCaptcha/react-native-hcaptcha/actions/workflows/tests.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/hCaptcha/react-native-hcaptcha/actions/workflows/tests.yaml)

# react-native-hcaptcha

hCaptcha wrapper for React Native (Android and iOS)


## Installation

1. Install package:
- Using NPM
   `npm install @hcaptcha/react-native-hcaptcha` 
- Using Yarn
   `yarn add @hcaptcha/react-native-hcaptcha`
2. Import package:
`import ConfirmHcaptcha from '@hcaptcha/react-native-hcaptcha';`

Full examples for expo and react-native, as well as debugging guides, are in [MAINTAINER.md](./MAINTAINER.md)

## Demo

See live demo in [Snack](https://snack.expo.io/rTUn6wTjW).

## Usage

See [Example.App.js](./Example.App.js) example in repo for a fully worked example implementation.

For users familiar with the hCaptcha JS API, calling `show()` in this wrapper triggers an `hcaptcha.execute()` call.

This means that if you are an Enterprise user with a 99.9% passive or purely passive sitekey configured, no additional work is required to get the expected behavior: either a visual challenge will be shown or a token will be returned immediately via `onMessage`, in accordance with your configuration.

Also, please note the following special message strings that can be returned via `onMessage` for [error cases](https://docs.hcaptcha.com/configuration#error-codes)

The even returned by `onMessage` with `success === true` will be a passcode.

### Handling the post-issuance expiration lifecycle

This extension is a lightweight wrapper, and does not currently attempt to manage post-verification state in the same way as the web JS API, e.g. with an on-expire callback.

In particular, if you do **not** plan to immediately consume the passcode returned by submitting it to your backend, you should start a timer to let your application state know that a new passcode is required when it expires.

By default, this value is 120 seconds. So, an `expired` error will be emitted to `onMessage` if you haven't called `event.markUsed()`.

Once you've utilized hCaptcha's token, call `markUsed` on the event object in `onMessage`:

```js
  const onMessage = event => {
    if (event && event.nativeEvent.data) {
      if (event.nativeEvent.data === 'open') {
        // hCaptcha shown
      } else if (event.success) {
        captchaForm.current.hide();
        const token = event.nativeEvent.data;
        // utilize token and call markUsed once you are done with it
        event.markUsed();
      } else if (event.nativeEvent.data === 'challenge-closed') {
        captchaForm.current.hide();
      } else {
        // handle rest errors
      }
    }
  };

  const captchaForm = useRef(null);

  return (
    <ConfirmHcaptcha
      ref={captchaForm}
      siteKey={siteKey}
      languageCode="en"
      onMessage={onMessage}
    />
  );
```

### Handling errors and retry

If your app encounters an `error` event, you can reset the hCaptcha SDK flow by calling `event.reset()`` to perform another attempt at verification.

## Dependencies

1. [react-native-modal](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-modal)

2. [react-native-webview](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-webview)


## Building on iOS

### Required frameworks/libraries

Your app must have the following frameworks/libraries linked:

- libswiftWebKit.tbd
- JavaScriptCore.framework

### Flipper version

You must have a recent version of flipper to build this app. If you have upgraded React Native recently, your Flipper version may be out of date. This will cause compilation errors.

Your Podfile should be updated to something like:

```
  # Enables Flipper.
  #
  # Note that if you have use_frameworks! enabled, Flipper will not work and
  # you should disable these next few lines.
  use_flipper!({ 'Flipper-Folly' => '2.5.3', 'Flipper' => '0.87.0', 'Flipper-RSocket' => '1.3.1' })
  post_install do |installer|
    flipper_post_install(installer)
  end
```

If you encounter build-time errors related to Flipper.


## Localization

Make sure the value you pass to `languageCode` is the one the user has set in your app if you allow them to override the system defaults.

Otherwise, you should pass in the preferred device locale, e.g. fetched from `getLocales()` if using [react-native-localize](https://github.com/zoontek/react-native-localize).


## Notes

- The UI defaults to the "invisible" mode of the JS SDK, i.e. no checkbox is displayed.
- If you need to test displaying the challenge modal, set your sitekey to "Always Challenge" mode in the hCaptcha dashboard.
- You can `import Hcaptcha from '@hcaptcha/react-native-hcaptcha/Hcaptcha';` to customize the UI yourself.
- hCaptcha loading is restricted to a 15-second timeout; an `error` will be sent via `onMessage` if it fails to load due to network issues.

## Properties

| **Name** | **Type** | **Description** |
|:---|:---|:---|
| siteKey _(required)_ | string | The hCaptcha siteKey |
| size | string | The size of the checkbox, can be 'invisible', 'compact' or 'checkbox', Default: 'invisible' |
| onMessage | Function (see [here](https://github.com/react-native-webview/react-native-webview/blob/master/src/WebViewTypes.ts#L299)) | The callback function that runs after receiving a response, error, or when user cancels. |
| languageCode | string | Default language for hCaptcha; overrides phone defaults. A complete list of supported languages and their codes can be found [here](https://docs.hcaptcha.com/languages/) |
| showLoading | boolean | Whether to show a loading indicator while the hCaptcha web content loads |
| closableLoading | boolean | Allow user to cancel hcaptcha during loading by touch loader overlay |
| loadingIndicatorColor | string | Color of the ActivityIndicator |
| backgroundColor | string | The background color code that will be applied to the main HTML element |
| theme | string\|object | The theme can be 'light', 'dark', 'contrast' or a custom theme object (see Enterprise docs) |
| rqdata | string | Hcaptcha execution options (see Enterprise docs) |
| sentry | boolean | sentry error reporting (see Enterprise docs) |
| jsSrc | string | The url of api.js. Default: https://js.hcaptcha.com/1/api.js (Override only if using first-party hosting feature.) |
| endpoint | string | Point hCaptcha JS Ajax Requests to alternative API Endpoint. Default: https://api.hcaptcha.com (Override only if using first-party hosting feature.) |
| reportapi | string | Point hCaptcha Bug Reporting Request to alternative API Endpoint. Default: https://accounts.hcaptcha.com (Override only if using first-party hosting feature.) |
| assethost | string | Points loaded hCaptcha assets to a user defined asset location, used for proxies. Default: https://newassets.hcaptcha.com (Override only if using first-party hosting feature.) |
| imghost | string | Points loaded hCaptcha challenge images to a user defined image location, used for proxies. Default: https://imgs.hcaptcha.com (Override only if using first-party hosting feature.) |
| host | string | hCaptcha SDK host identifier. null value means that it will be generated by SDK |
| url _(inline component only)_ | string | The url domain defined on your hCaptcha. You generally will not need to change this. |
| style _(inline component only)_ | ViewStyle (see [here](https://reactnative.dev/docs/view-style-props)) | The webview style |
| baseUrl _(modal component only)_ | string | The url domain defined on your hCaptcha. You generally will not need to change this. |
| passiveSiteKey _(modal component only)_ | boolean | Indicates whether the passive mode is enabled; when true, the modal won't be shown at all |
| hasBackdrop _(modal component only)_ | boolean | Defines if the modal backdrop is shown (true by default). If `hasBackdrop=false`, `backgroundColor` will apply only after the hCaptcha visual challenge is presented. |
| orientation | string | This specifies the "orientation" of the challenge. It can be `portrait`, `landscape`. Default: `portrait` |


## Status

Fully functional, but additional releases will be made in the near term.

Changes within the same major release are expected to be additive, i.e. non-breaking.

## License

MIT License. (C) 2021 hCaptcha.

Credits: Originally forked from xuho and filipepiresg's Google reCAPTCHA v2 work. (MIT license)

Commit message:

docs: Add MFA phone support and rqdata deprecation documentation

README.md, after:


[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@hcaptcha/react-native-hcaptcha)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@hcaptcha/react-native-hcaptcha)
[![ci](https://github.com/hCaptcha/react-native-hcaptcha/actions/workflows/tests.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/hCaptcha/react-native-hcaptcha/actions/workflows/tests.yaml)

# react-native-hcaptcha

hCaptcha wrapper for React Native (Android and iOS)


## Installation

1. Install package:
- Using NPM
   `npm install @hcaptcha/react-native-hcaptcha` 
- Using Yarn
   `yarn add @hcaptcha/react-native-hcaptcha`
2. Import package:
`import ConfirmHcaptcha from '@hcaptcha/react-native-hcaptcha';`

Full examples for expo and react-native, as well as debugging guides, are in [MAINTAINER.md](./MAINTAINER.md)

## Demo

See live demo in [Snack](https://snack.expo.io/rTUn6wTjW).

## Usage

See [Example.App.js](./Example.App.js) example in repo for a fully worked example implementation.

For users familiar with the hCaptcha JS API, calling `show()` in this wrapper triggers an `hcaptcha.execute()` call.

This means that if you are an Enterprise user with a 99.9% passive or purely passive sitekey configured, no additional work is required to get the expected behavior: either a visual challenge will be shown or a token will be returned immediately via `onMessage`, in accordance with your configuration.

Also, please note the following special message strings that can be returned via `onMessage` for [error cases](https://docs.hcaptcha.com/configuration#error-codes)

The even returned by `onMessage` with `success === true` will be a passcode.

### Handling the post-issuance expiration lifecycle

This extension is a lightweight wrapper, and does not currently attempt to manage post-verification state in the same way as the web JS API, e.g. with an on-expire callback.

In particular, if you do **not** plan to immediately consume the passcode returned by submitting it to your backend, you should start a timer to let your application state know that a new passcode is required when it expires.

By default, this value is 120 seconds. So, an `expired` error will be emitted to `onMessage` if you haven't called `event.markUsed()`.

Once you've utilized hCaptcha's token, call `markUsed` on the event object in `onMessage`:

```js
  const onMessage = event => {
    if (event && event.nativeEvent.data) {
      if (event.nativeEvent.data === 'open') {
        // hCaptcha shown
      } else if (event.success) {
        captchaForm.current.hide();
        const token = event.nativeEvent.data;
        // utilize token and call markUsed once you are done with it
        event.markUsed();
      } else if (event.nativeEvent.data === 'challenge-closed') {
        captchaForm.current.hide();
      } else {
        // handle rest errors
      }
    }
  };

  const captchaForm = useRef(null);

  return (
    <ConfirmHcaptcha
      ref={captchaForm}
      siteKey={siteKey}
      languageCode="en"
      onMessage={onMessage}
    />
  );
```

### Handling errors and retry

If your app encounters an `error` event, you can reset the hCaptcha SDK flow by calling `event.reset()`` to perform another attempt at verification.

## Dependencies

1. [react-native-modal](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-modal)

2. [react-native-webview](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-webview)


## Building on iOS

### Required frameworks/libraries

Your app must have the following frameworks/libraries linked:

- libswiftWebKit.tbd
- JavaScriptCore.framework

### Flipper version

You must have a recent version of flipper to build this app. If you have upgraded React Native recently, your Flipper version may be out of date. This will cause compilation errors.

Your Podfile should be updated to something like:

```
  # Enables Flipper.
  #
  # Note that if you have use_frameworks! enabled, Flipper will not work and
  # you should disable these next few lines.
  use_flipper!({ 'Flipper-Folly' => '2.5.3', 'Flipper' => '0.87.0', 'Flipper-RSocket' => '1.3.1' })
  post_install do |installer|
    flipper_post_install(installer)
  end
```

If you encounter build-time errors related to Flipper.


## Localization

Make sure the value you pass to `languageCode` is the one the user has set in your app if you allow them to override the system defaults.

Otherwise, you should pass in the preferred device locale, e.g. fetched from `getLocales()` if using [react-native-localize](https://github.com/zoontek/react-native-localize).


## Notes

- The UI defaults to the "invisible" mode of the JS SDK, i.e. no checkbox is displayed.
- If you need to test displaying the challenge modal, set your sitekey to "Always Challenge" mode in the hCaptcha dashboard.
- You can `import Hcaptcha from '@hcaptcha/react-native-hcaptcha/Hcaptcha';` to customize the UI yourself.
- hCaptcha loading is restricted to a 15-second timeout; an `error` will be sent via `onMessage` if it fails to load due to network issues.

## MFA Phone Support

The SDK supports phone prefix and phone number parameters for MFA (Multi-Factor Authentication) flows. You can pass these parameters as props:

```js
// Using phone prefix (country code without '+')
<ConfirmHcaptcha
  siteKey="your-site-key"
  phonePrefix="44"
  onMessage={onMessage}
/>

// Using phone number (full E.164 format)
<ConfirmHcaptcha
  siteKey="your-site-key"
  phoneNumber="+44123456789"
  onMessage={onMessage}
/>
```

## Properties

| **Name** | **Type** | **Description** |
|:---|:---|:---|
| siteKey _(required)_ | string | The hCaptcha siteKey |
| size | string | The size of the checkbox, can be 'invisible', 'compact' or 'checkbox', Default: 'invisible' |
| onMessage | Function (see [here](https://github.com/react-native-webview/react-native-webview/blob/master/src/WebViewTypes.ts#L299)) | The callback function that runs after receiving a response, error, or when user cancels. |
| languageCode | string | Default language for hCaptcha; overrides phone defaults. A complete list of supported languages and their codes can be found [here](https://docs.hcaptcha.com/languages/) |
| showLoading | boolean | Whether to show a loading indicator while the hCaptcha web content loads |
| closableLoading | boolean | Allow user to cancel hcaptcha during loading by touch loader overlay |
| loadingIndicatorColor | string | Color of the ActivityIndicator |
| backgroundColor | string | The background color code that will be applied to the main HTML element |
| theme | string\|object | The theme can be 'light', 'dark', 'contrast' or a custom theme object (see Enterprise docs) |
| rqdata | string | **Deprecated**: Use `rqdata` in `HCaptchaVerifyParams` instead. Will be removed in future releases. See Enterprise docs. |
| sentry | boolean | sentry error reporting (see Enterprise docs) |
| jsSrc | string | The url of api.js. Default: https://js.hcaptcha.com/1/api.js (Override only if using first-party hosting feature.) |
| endpoint | string | Point hCaptcha JS Ajax Requests to alternative API Endpoint. Default: https://api.hcaptcha.com (Override only if using first-party hosting feature.) |
| reportapi | string | Point hCaptcha Bug Reporting Request to alternative API Endpoint. Default: https://accounts.hcaptcha.com (Override only if using first-party hosting feature.) |
| assethost | string | Points loaded hCaptcha assets to a user defined asset location, used for proxies. Default: https://newassets.hcaptcha.com (Override only if using first-party hosting feature.) |
| imghost | string | Points loaded hCaptcha challenge images to a user defined image location, used for proxies. Default: https://imgs.hcaptcha.com (Override only if using first-party hosting feature.) |
| host | string | hCaptcha SDK host identifier. null value means that it will be generated by SDK |
| url _(inline component only)_ | string | The url domain defined on your hCaptcha. You generally will not need to change this. |
| style _(inline component only)_ | ViewStyle (see [here](https://reactnative.dev/docs/view-style-props)) | The webview style |
| baseUrl _(modal component only)_ | string | The url domain defined on your hCaptcha. You generally will not need to change this. |
| passiveSiteKey _(modal component only)_ | boolean | Indicates whether the passive mode is enabled; when true, the modal won't be shown at all |
| hasBackdrop _(modal component only)_ | boolean | Defines if the modal backdrop is shown (true by default). If `hasBackdrop=false`, `backgroundColor` will apply only after the hCaptcha visual challenge is presented. |
| orientation | string | This specifies the "orientation" of the challenge. It can be `portrait`, `landscape`. Default: `portrait` |
| phonePrefix | string | Optional phone country calling code (without '+'), e.g., "44". Used in MFA flows. |
| phoneNumber | string | Optional full phone number in E.164 format ("+44123..."), for use in MFA. |


## Status

Fully functional, but additional releases will be made in the near term.

Changes within the same major release are expected to be additive, i.e. non-breaking.

## License

MIT License. (C) 2021 hCaptcha.

Credits: Originally forked from xuho and filipepiresg's Google reCAPTCHA v2 work. (MIT license)
